added aur link (#1)
CMDR-WDX/elite-pip-macro: README.md

See *Requirements* Section above in case the build fails because of system dependencies.

### From AUR

> you can also install from the [aur package](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/elite-pip-macro)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also install from the [AUR](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/elite-pip-macro).
```

> if you are using paru:
>     ``paru elite-pip-macro``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\```
# Paru
paru -S elite-pip-macro
# Yay
yay -S elite-pip-macro
\``` 
```
(cant use 3 backticks in suggestion, but basically please use a Code Block here)

> note: this will compile the package from source if you are using older hardware / do not want to compile the program then please use the binary provide in this repo (a binary aur package will be made at some point). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]  
> This will compile the package from source. If you do not want to compile the program, then please use the binary provided under  [Releases](https://github.com/CMDR-WDX/elite-pip-macro/releases)
```
